README.md, before:

# Get Me Fed is my personal project for Dev Mountain. I was tasked with creating an original idea that solves a problem.

## The Problem I solved:
Have you ever been hungry but you can't think of anything that you want to eat? Or, you know what "type" of food you want but you just don't know where to get it or how to make it? I try to solve those issues here.

## The way I solved it:
I tried to give the user many options if finding out just what they wanted to eat. They can enter in types of food or ingredients in either search area and I will give them suggestions. They can also select the "random" options to get a random recipe of that category, or a random restaurant within 25 miles of their location. If the user finds a restaurant or recipe that they like, they can add it to their favorites to save it for later, as well as add some notes about that selected favorite.

## Future plans:
I plan on creating a React Native application from this same idea to bring it to ios and android devices.

Commit message:

updated readme and fixed http and https issue on recipe page

README.md, after:

# Get Me Fed is my personal project for Dev Mountain. I was tasked with creating an original idea that solves a problem.

## The Problem I solved:
Have you ever been hungry but you can't think of anything that you want to eat? Or, you know what "type" of food you want but you just don't know where to get it or how to make it? I try to solve those issues here.

## The way I solved it:
I tried to give the user many options if finding out just what they wanted to eat. They can enter in types of food or ingredients in either search area and I will give them suggestions. They can also select the "random" options to get a random recipe of that category, or a random restaurant within 25 miles of their location. If the user finds a restaurant or recipe that they like, they can add it to their favorites to save it for later, as well as add some notes about that selected favorite.

## Future plans:

I plan on creating a restaurants near me component that shows on the Out page.
I plan on creating a React Native application from this same idea to bring it to ios and android devices.
